Introduction
============

The introduction serves to orient the reader. It describes both the system and
the SRS itself.

Purpose
-------

This section describes the purpose of the document. Typically, this will
contain a brief two- or three-sentence description, including the name of the
project. For example: “The purpose of this document is to serve as a guide to
designers, developers and testers who are responsible for the engineering of
the (name of project) project. It should give the engineers all of the
information necessary to design, develop and test the software.” This is to
ensure that the person reading the document understands what he or she is
looking at.

Scope
-----

This section contains a brief description of the scope of the document. If the
SRS is a complete description of the software, then it will state something
similar to: “This document contains a complete description of the functionality
of the (name of project) project. It consists of use cases, functional
requirements and nonfunctional requirements, which, taken together form a
complete description of the software.” For complex software, the requirements
for the project might be divided into several SRS documents. In this case, the
scope should indicate which portion of the project is covered in this document.

System Overview
---------------

This section contains a description of the system. This is essentially a brief
summary of the vision and scope of the project.

References
----------

Any references to other documents (including the vision and scope document)
should be included here. These may include other documents in the organization,
work products, articles, and anything else that is relevant to understanding
the SRS. If there is an organizational intranet, this section often includes
URLs of referenced documents.
